Why are you here?
Are you tired of coming back from abroad?
Sit down sit down
What to go abroad
This is Ye Meng. We were classmates when we were young
Then he transferred schools and I didn't see him again
We saw him a few days ago
Said he had just come back from studying abroad
You believe him?
What do you mean?
Ye Meng is well-behaved and sensible
Do you think you will argue with my son like you?
What's your relationship with this woman?
Ye Mengzhiyuan is my boyfriend
We've been together for three years.
This bitch cost me my job and my man
Now we meet again
The rich old classmate actually came to the cross again
Auntie, am I here at a bad time?
Just the right time
You are a good woman worthy of my son
Mom, don't mess around
I'm not doing this for your own good
Look at Mengmeng's figure
Three-child son
And it's a turtle
It is not suitable for your big boss.
He is not at all
Oops, what is this good stuff?
French top perfume Emmaus
100,000 a bottle
Do you see people's dreams?
Really well-behaved and sensible
Not like some people.
I will send some inferior coins to my door for the first time.
Auntie, you are Juyuan's mother.
Of course, giving you a gift is the best gift.
It doesn't matter if your return to China is fake.
Even if you give gifts, you have to give high imitation concubines